{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red49\green49\blue49;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c25098\c25098\c25098;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21440\viewh14600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The second task is to intimately acquaint yourself with the data, preprocess it and complete all the necessary descriptive statistics tasks. We expect you to have a pipeline in place, fully documented in a 
\b notebook,
\b0  and show us that you\'92ve advanced with your understanding of the project goals by updating its README description.\
When describing the data, in particular, you should show (non-exhaustive list):\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
That you can handle the data in its size.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
That you understand what\'92s into the data (formats, distributions, missing values, correlations, etc.).\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
That you considered ways to enrich, filter, transform the data according to your needs.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
That you have updated your plan in a reasonable way, reflecting your improved knowledge after data acquaintance. In particular, discuss how your data suits your project needs and discuss the methods you\'92re going to use, giving their essential mathematical details in the notebook.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-715\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
That your plan for analysis and communication is now reasonable and sound, potentially discussing alternatives to your choices that you considered but dropped.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We will evaluate this milestone according to how well these previous steps (or other reasonable ones) have been done and documented, the quality of the code and its documentation, the feasibility and critical awareness of the project.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 Open Food Facts - Milestone 2\
\
\ulnone The dataset is obtained through an open source platform where information about food products are available and updatable by users.\
\
\ul ABSTRACT:\ulnone \
\
This step consisted in exploring and assess a first analysis of available data and their consistency to obtain a study scope. By exploring the dataset, fields have been removed because being either irrelevant or presenting to high number of missing values. A reduced-field data set is obtained to study the healthiness and the eco-friendliness of products. The previous characteristics will be used to establish a ranking of brands, stores and countries.\
\
\ul Analysis Strategy:\
\
\pard\tx451\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone After exploring the dataset, some questions that were previously considered can\'92t be covered. For instance, the establishment of a relation between the healthiness food and revenues, will not be assessed as the information about prices is not available. Although, it is possible to study interesting facts. The exploration lead to a final study subject: The healthiness and Eco-Friendliness of brands and countries regarding food.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\ul Healthiness:\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulc2 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone The healthiness is measured with the \'ab\'a0Nutrition Score\'a0\'bb. This data is available for many products and its calculation method is available. Although, that the number of missing values is high, these can be obtained through calculation based on the nutriments which are much largely available. The score is given through an alphabetical ranking that are derived based on numerical values. One will restaure the numerical values to make a more stringent ranking.\ul \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \ulnone {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\ul Eco-Friendliness:\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulc2 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \ulnone This information is not directly available in the dataset. It will be calculated based on 2 criterion: the packaging material and the distance between the origin of the product and its final purchasing country. For the packaging, one will consider if either it is recyclable or not. It is well known that the plastic used in the food industry is in general not recyclable except when it\'92s bottles form which are generally built in PET. Glass bottles are also recyclable and will be considered this way. The carbon footprint is not available in the data, therefore, this will be replace by the impact of distance travelled by the products. The calculation will be done with an average carbon emission per mass and kilometer.\ul \
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ulc2 Expected Outcome:\
\
\pard\tx0\tx220\pardeftab720\li55\fi-56\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \ulnone The goal will be to rank brands, stores and countries based on the aforementioned criterion. It will even be possible to create an arbitrary label to do so. In addition, different links could be found. For example, it will possible to say if, generally the food of low-quality has a high carbon footprint. It will be also possible to expose the countries that are more importer than exporter and assess their part of responsibility in making food travel so the responsibility of ecological impact.\
\pard\tx451\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
 }